Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.
Man does not live by words alone- despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Journalists do not live by words alone- although sometimes they have to eat them.
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice- a charmer is one who notices you.
Law is not a profession at all- but rather a business service station and repair shop.
We mean by 'politics' the people's business - the most important business there is.
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
To act coolly- intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
Communism is the death of the soul. It is the organization of total conformity - in short- of tyranny - and it is committed to making tyranny universal.
We must recover the element of quality in our traditional pursuit of equality. We must not- in opening our schools to everyone- confuse the idea that all should have equal chance with the notion that all have equal endowments.
I believe that if we really want human brotherhood to spread and increase until it makes life safe and sane- we must also be certain that there is no one true faith or path by which it may spread.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system- we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.
Freedom rings where opinions clash.
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system- we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted- but now it happens to everybody.
Nature is indifferent to the survival of the human species- including Americans.
Nature is neutral.
We travel together- passengers on a little spaceship- dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil- all committed- for our safety- to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care- the work and the love we give our fragile craft.
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
The journey of a thousand leagues begins with a single step. So we must never neglect any work of peace within our reach- however small.
After four years at the United Nations I sometimes yearn for the peace and tranquility of a political convention.
Making peace is harder than making war.
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats- we will stop telling the truth about them.
The idea that you can merchandise candidates for high office like breakfast cereal - that you can gather votes like box tops - is- I think- the ultimate indignity to the democratic process.
I'm not an old- experienced hand at politics. But I am now seasoned enough to have learned that the hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
An Independent is someone who wants to take the politics out of politics.
We mean by 'politics' the people's business - the most important business there is.
The relationship of the toastmaster to speaker should be the same as that of the fan to the fan dancer. It should call attention to the subject without making any particular effort to cover it.
The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum.
We travel together- passengers on a little spaceship- dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil- all committed- for our safety- to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care- the work and the love we give our fragile craft.
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats- we will stop telling the truth about them.
Your days are short here this is the last of your springs. And now in the serenity and quiet of this lovely place- touch the depths of truth- feel the hem of Heaven. You will go away with old- good friends. And don't forget when you leave why you came.
If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats- we will stop telling the truth about them.
Making peace is harder than making war.
That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the height of wisdom in another.
We travel together- passengers on a little spaceship- dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil- all committed- for our safety- to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care- the work and the love we give our fragile craft.