By Time and Age full many things are taught.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.
To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.
Call no man happy till he is dead.
Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.
Death is easier than a wretched life and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.
Death is softer by far than tyranny.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
I'm not afraid of storms- for I'm learning to sail my ship.
It is always in season for old men to learn.
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.
My friends- whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals- a man fears everything but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage- then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.
There are times when fear is good. It must keep its watchful place at the heart's controls.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
God always strives together with those who strive.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart- and in our own despair- against our will- comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
God's most lordly gift to man is decency of mind.
Whenever a man makes haste- God too hastens with him.
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
For there is no defense for a man who- in the excess of his wealth- has kicked the great altar of Justice out of sight.
For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease he is burdened with his own sorrow- and groans on seeing another's happiness.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness and he will never come to utter ruin.
I'm not afraid of storms- for I'm learning to sail my ship.
Justice turns the scale- bringing to some learning through suffering.
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
Ah- lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting.
Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature.
Whoever is new to power is always harsh.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
When strength is yoked with justice- where is a mightier pair than they?
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Time brings all things to pass.
But time growing old teaches all things.
In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison- that he cannot trust a friend.
For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny- never to trust one's friends.
The words of truth are simple.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
Of prosperity mortals can never have enough.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart- and in our own despair- against our will- comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest?