I learn from experience.
I came from a poor family- so working and going to school at the same time was natural. It taught me multi-tasking- although we didn't call it that back then. I learned I could never be idle- I need to be doing many things at once.
Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.
We don't have an Official Secrets Act in the United States- as other countries do. Under the First Amendment- freedom of the press- freedom of speech- and freedom of association are more important than protecting secrets.
I don't believe in firing professors. They have academic freedom.
You know- it's ironic to me that Christians want to keep the Ten Commandments in our schools- because Christianity has abrogated four of the Ten Commandments. For example- the Sabbath day according to the Ten Commandments is Saturday- not Sunday. And the reason is because God rested- not because Jesus was resurrected.
Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.
In the Pentagon Papers case- the government asserted in the Supreme Court that the publication of the material was a threat to national security. It turned out it was not a threat to U.S. security. But even if it had been- that doesn't mean that it couldn't be published.
We all learn in school that the judicial- legislative and executive branches of government must check and balance each other. But other non state institutions must participate in this important system of checks and balances as well. These checking institutions include the academy- the media- religious institutions and NGOs.
No country in the history of the world has ever contributed more to humankind and accomplished more for its people in so brief a period of time as Israel has done since its relatively recent rebirth in 1948.
It simply cannot be disputed that for decades the Palestinian leadership was more interested in there not being a Jewish state than in there being a Palestinian state.
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice- and they are also the most protected.
I've thought hard about my psychological connections and I think I've managed to separate out the psychological from the legal- moral- and political.
I think mistakes are the essence of science and law. It's impossible to conceive of either scientific progress or legal progress without understanding the important role of being wrong and of mistakes.
I think that lawyers are terrible at admitting that they're wrong. And not just admitting it also realizing it. Most lawyers are very successful- and they think that because they're making money and people think well of them- they must be doing everything right.
Israel can't make peace without the clear support of the United States.
I am deeply concerned that- without peace and a two-state solution- the Jewish and democratic nature of Israel is in danger. That's why I have opposed Israel's settlement policy since 1973- and that's why I have favored a two-state solution since 1967.
I am a peace supporting Jew.
Twenty five percent of Israeli citizens are not even Jewish. Anybody can become an Israeli citizen if you qualify. Religion is not a criterion for citizenship.
I think mistakes are the essence of science and law. It's impossible to conceive of either scientific progress or legal progress without understanding the important role of being wrong and of mistakes.
The defendant wants to hide the truth because he's generally guilty. The defense attorney's job is to make sure the jury does not arrive at that truth.
It's never acceptable to target civilians. It violates the Geneva Accords- it violates the international law of war and it violates all principles of morality.