I think anger and laughter are very close to each other- when you think about it.
All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger- because that's all people know how to do when they're improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.
I'd still like to see 'Survivor' minus the planned show-biz parts. That would be the purest form of show business - I want to see someone so hungry that they eat somebody else's foot.
Movies are an expensive business.
Even though my father was a radio comedian- it wasn't cool to say- at a young age- 'I want to be a comedian.'
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds- and she did a few movies- and she was really a great singer- and when she married my dad and started to have a family- she sang at parties.
When I was younger- I wasn't concentrating on good days. I was managing a career and trying to have a good year. It would always 'lead' to something- which never leads to anything except death- where everything leads to. And then as I got older- and then I had my kids and everything- I began to appreciate a great Wednesday.
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds- and she did a few movies- and she was really a great singer- and when she married my dad and started to have a family- she sang at parties.
I don't want to be the one to break it to you- but the future ain't that funny.
Twitter- to me- works if you're funny. Twitter doesn't work as a promotional tool unless you do it very- very- very occasionally.
I've been to many funerals of funny people- and they're some of the funniest days you'll ever have- because the emotions run high.
I don't want to be the one to break it to you- but the future ain't that funny.
What's interesting about books that take place in the future- even twenty years in the future- is that many of them are black or white: It's either a utopia or it's misery. The real truth is that there's going to be both things in any future- just like there is now.
I can't not put humor in a book.
I had a very wise person tell me that he thinks marriage- when you're younger- you keep thinking you can fix things. That's what people do. And you can't really fix anything. It shouldn't be a massive difficult thing every day. Life's difficult enough.
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds- and she did a few movies- and she was really a great singer- and when she married my dad and started to have a family- she sang at parties.
If we had 3 million exhibitionists and only one voyeur- nobody could make any money.
I like movies about failing.
Movies are an expensive business.
I cast unusual people in my movies.
I've always been in the middle of making my own movies- so taking acting jobs that take me away from that has been impossible.
By the way- movies are like sporting events in that you're as good as the movie you're in. You can sit in a room for 20 years and go do a movie and you can just kill in it and you move to the head of the line again. By the same token- you can do five movies a year and if they're dreck- it's nothing.
Listen- there are some movies that are set in stone and the writer or the director does not want to change- but I've never worked on a movie- including my own- that didn't take advantage of a rehearsal process.
I've done performances in movies that I was immensely proud of and the movies didn't take off like a rocket at Cape Canaveral- it didn't take off.
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds- and she did a few movies- and she was really a great singer- and when she married my dad and started to have a family- she sang at parties.