My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race- you never give up.
They should invent some way to tape-record your dreams. I've written songs in my dreams that were Beatles songs. Then I'd wake up and they'd be gone.
We got on his label- and the Bizarre organization is just going up and up. So we have faith.
If it's total freedom- I guess the ultimate thing you can go into is total silence between the audience and performer- with the performer projecting something he doesn't even have to play.
When you believe in God- you've got to believe in the all-powerful God. He's not just God- He's the all-powerful God and He has total control over everyone's life. The Devil- on the other hand- is a real character that's trying his hardest to tear your life apart.
Mistakes are part of the game. It's how well you recover from them- that's the mark of a great player.
They pick all of us out- and then they decide- they computerize- decide if they like it or don't like it- and then they go home- and then they come back again because they're not sure what they saw.
The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.
Why be boring? Have some fun. Rock shows should be like movies: I don't go to a movie hoping it'll change my life.
City people live the city. We live in L.A.- New York- we live in places where it's chaotic and you never know what's gonna happen. And that's the music - you never know what's gonna happen.
The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris- blondes and switchblades.
I have never made fun of religion. Religion is something I don't even want to mess with- because I am really afraid of the clouds opening up and my being struck by lightning.
I'm very romantic- I'm extremely romantic. I date my wife.
You just let your lower self go- and then it takes on all these aspects of the society - the city with horns blowing- the people yelling things at each other- and the all-in-all violence and chaos of the city. Put that on stage with music- and that's what this is.
The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.