Sally Field looks amazing in general- never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant- how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy- with people at work- with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
With reality TV- sometimes it's amazing chemistry and you get these gems that turn out to be everything you hoped- and the camera loves them and they just blossom on the show. And then sometimes it's not all you envision.
Sally Field looks amazing in general- never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
I started running outside when I was at 'Biggest Loser.' Then I got runner's knee- and thought I was never going to be able to shake it. When I overcame that and ran the L.A. Marathon- it was such an amazing thing- and now running is such a part of my routine.
We watch a lot of Discovery Channel- shows like 'The Biggest Loser' and even 'Amazing Race.' You learn a lot about the world- it's fun and nobody's interested in beating anybody down. And then the opposite: I'm a huge fan of 'Survivor.'
Spinning has been such an amazing part of my exercise. I love the music- the energy- and the sweat. It's a tough class- which makes me feel like I've really accomplished something. It's a great way to burn fat and lean out the body. An all-around win!
Our pets rely on us entirely for their nutrition. So if you're making your own judgments- that could lead to a mistake. At the same time- we have more control over our pet's diet than we do with our children or with ourselves- so your vet can tell you what is appropriate for your dog and you can assign them that.
I save my dreams and hopes for my kids. When I'm making a wish under a bridge or tunnel- it's always for them.
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant- how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy- with people at work- with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Fitness is not an option. It's part of my job.
What's wrong with extreme dieting and hard-core fitness plans is that they don't take into account the rest of your life.
I recommend that people try new stuff or take new fitness classes all the time. It's important to mix up your routine- not only for your body- but also for your mental state.
The number one mistake is giving pets table scraps. I made the mistake thinking I was showing my dog love by giving her food and treats. You see a tiny 4 oz. piece of cheese- but for a Boston Terrier like mine- that's like one and a half hamburgers. That's unhealthy.
There are times- like after a long day of work- when the thought of an easy drive-through is enticing. But then I remember how crappy I felt when I ate fast food in the past- and it inspires me to head to the grocery store or my local farmer's market and whip up an easy but healthier option.
I have encouraged my kids to eat well from day one. I add flavor - herbs and spices - to everything because I don't want them getting used to starchy- bland food. I also want them to experiment - they don't have to love everything- but they do have to try it.
It's funny because I'm a sucker for glitz and glitter when it comes to clothes and nail polish- but with my makeup- I'm more comfortable with a natural look. It feels more like me.
Hey 'Bachelor-' take notes! Trusting one another and sharing a journey to health leads to lasting relationships!
One of the things I like best about 'Biggest Loser' is being around people who are trying to make the right choices. When you feel defeated about your weight and your health- like there's no hope- and you still make the choice to fight for it- to make the change happen no matter what people say or think- that's inspiring to me.
'Days' has always been strong as an icon in TV history- and it's still going on strong and represents the genre of daytime drama so well. I'm proud to be a part of it.
One of the things I like best about 'Biggest Loser' is being around people who are trying to make the right choices. When you feel defeated about your weight and your health- like there's no hope- and you still make the choice to fight for it- to make the change happen no matter what people say or think- that's inspiring to me.
Sunscreen is my number 1- 2- 3- 4- and 5 tip. I'm a fanatic- partially because I live in L.A. and have fair skin and freckles- and partially because of my kids. My mom always made me wear sunscreen and I'm trying to be that mom for them.
I've actually suffered from allergies my entire life. My mom had allergies- so I was aware of what an issue they can be. Many people allow their allergies to affect their lives. As a mom with two kids and two jobs- I just can't let allergies slow me down. It's a day to day thing that can really be remedied by finding the right medication.
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant- how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy- with people at work- with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Our pets rely on us entirely for their nutrition. So if you're making your own judgments- that could lead to a mistake. At the same time- we have more control over our pet's diet than we do with our children or with ourselves- so your vet can tell you what is appropriate for your dog and you can assign them that.
Humans should always exercise and watch what they eat. So with your pet- make sure they get enough exercise- make sure they're getting fed at the same time every day and getting the nutrition they need. And make sure they get a lot of love and attention you both need. That's why you have them!
I'm a fan of daytime drama I totally get it. When we are doing scenes that are romantic or will get the audience riled up- I feel like I'm a fan in the room going- 'People are going to be so mad right now!'
I've met so many fans of daytime television who've watched the shows with their moms and grandmas and feel like they've known the characters their whole lives. It's sad for them to have to say goodbye to their favorite soaps and characters. We don't want that to happen to the 'Days' fans.
I maintain by going to spin four or five days a week. I love that I can get a solid butt-kicking in 40 minutes. I also strength train two or three times a week.
I'll do strength training in my dressing room between shoots- and I've been known to make business calls while out jogging. I try to mute myself on Bluetooth so they can't hear me huffing and puffing- but I usually end up getting caught.
I save every Christmas card. I keep them all.