One of the critical issues that we have to confront is illegal immigration- because this is a multi-headed Hydra that affects our economy- our health care- our health care- our education systems- our national security- and also our local criminality.
A person like myself- born and raised in the inner city of Atlanta- Georgia- to lower-middle-class parents. But I had the opportunity to get an education- to go and earn a commission in the United States Army- to serve for 22 years- to lead men and women in combat.
Take your message of equality of achievement- take your message of economic dependency- take your message of enslaving the entrepreneurial will and spirit of the American people somewhere else.
We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family- we will serve God- we will serve this constitutional republic- we will serve America.
Well- first of all- we've got to get away from being offended by the truth. We've seen a 41 percent increase in food stamp recipients across the United States of America since President Obama was sworn in in January 2009. That has nothing to do with black- white- Hispanic or whatever. It's a fact- and we need to- you know- deal with that.
As a 22-year Army Veteran who served in Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom- and as a Civilian Advisor to the Afghan Army in Operation Enduring Freedom- I understand both the gravity of giving the order- and the challenge of carrying it out.
We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family- we will serve God- we will serve this constitutional republic- we will serve America.
I don't look to a man to get pride in myself. It's not about having a black president- it's about having a good president- and I think that's the most important thing.
I think that if we get back to some basic fundamental principles- we can make sure that we resolve the issues. And I think that that's what the Tea Party was all about. It's getting back to a constitutional conservative government. And that is limited- but it's also effective and efficient. I think that that's what we'll be able to do.
One of the critical issues that we have to confront is illegal immigration- because this is a multi-headed Hydra that affects our economy- our health care- our health care- our education systems- our national security- and also our local criminality.
Leadership is about being a servant first.
For far too long we've allowed the other side to paint us as racist- as sexist- inhumane war mongers - well- today as a conservative black Republican and former solider- I'm here to set that record straight.
While there are towns and cities still planning Memorial Day parades- many have not held a parade in decades. Some think the day is for honoring anyone who has died- not just those fallen in service to our country.
Nowadays- many Americans have forgotten the meaning and traditions of Memorial Day. At cemeteries across the country- the graves of the fallen are sadly ignored- and worse- neglected.
From 1971 onwards- the Memorial Day holiday was officially observed on the last Monday in May and became the unofficial start of the summer- with barbecues- blockbuster movie openings and mattress sales.