It's sad- actually- because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.
I think I'm past the age of getting lost.
We all get stuck. We all lose ourselves a little bit in a fantasy or in our jobs and forget how we feel about other things. It's really important to check yourself- to spend some time alone.
When taxidermy is done well it's an amazing piece of art.
I mean- why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.
The funny thing is- the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool- like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
My dad- he is such a soft man. Even if he has these opinions about my boyfriends- he will be the sweetest guy. He will make you feel like you're fascinating and awesome- even if he doesn't like you that much.
It's really easy to avoid the tabloids. You just live your life and don't hang out with famous people who are in the tabloids. Don't do anything controversial and be a normal person. Have friends. And get a job and keep working.
Well- it's very easy for me to gain weight- but even though I tried not eating for a week when I was really young- I couldn't do it any longer because I liked my food too much.
The funny thing is- the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool- like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
I just can't wait for the future.
I mean- why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?
Marriage- at this point in my life? I'm not interested in it. Yet. Maybe later when I'm 35 or 40.
I have realized that I hate going to the premieres of the movies that I'm in. Because I feel this tension after the movie is over that everyone feels obligated to say something nice to you. It's so unnatural and uncomfortable.
I mean- why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul- so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. When you hear a song and you're acting it's incredible. But when you're singing a song and you're acting it's even more incredible.
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul- so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel.
I have written some songs- but I would really call what I've done poetry at the end of the day- because I'll sit with my guitar for hours and hours on end for- like- a week and then I won't touch it for a month. I also just have no confidence. And you know what? I don't have time- because I'd rather be doing other things- like knitting.
I love acting like I'm in love. It's a very positive thing.
I happen to be really a romantic.
It's sad- actually- because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.