Well- it is so difficult right now when you look out on the road and how fast people go and the more and more cars you see out there- for teenagers- you'd think a kid that literally- a few years before- was sitting back in a car seat in the back seat is now behind the wheel.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time- that that would be one of their main forms of communication.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time- that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times- these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times- we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.
My dad was a sports writer when I was younger and then he became just a general columnist. But I grew up with him literally getting into brawls with football coaches.
I believe we can incentivize more affordable health care in general by better regulating insurance and creating meaningful competition for health care services.
I don't think it should be a surprise when we're talking about energy and trying to have more home-grown energy- be less reliant on foreign oil when you look at our health care that we're trying to get more affordable health care- that these are going to create major debates in this country and be somewhat polarizing.
I would prefer a public option that would be a competitive option that would allow people to buy into a Federal Employee Health Benefits Program- which is a series of private plans.
My dad was a sports writer when I was younger and then he became just a general columnist. But I grew up with him literally getting into brawls with football coaches.
So many times- these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times- we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old. Well- that's just not going to happen.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time- that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times- these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times- we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.