Improvisation is almost like the retarded cousin in the comedy world. We've been trying forever to get improvisation on TV. It's just like stand-up. It's best when it's just left alone. It doesn't translate always on TV. It's best live.
I cannot stress enough that the answer to life's questions is often in people's faces. Try putting your iPhones down once in a while- and look in people's faces. People's faces will tell you amazing things. Like if they are angry- or nauseous or asleep.
When you're a stay-at-home mother you have to pretend it's really boring- but it's not. It's enriching and fulfilling- and an amazing experience. And then when you're a working mother you have to pretend that you feel guilty all day long.
I worked at an ice cream parlor called Chadwicks. We wore old-timey outfits and had to bang a drum- play a kazoo- and sing 'Happy Birthday' to people while giving them free birthday sundaes. Lots of ice cream scooping and $1 tips.
As you navigate through the rest of your life- be open to collaboration. Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you- spend a lot of time with them- and it will change your life.
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation-' and they each think the show is for them- which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.
Always remember your kid's name. Always remember where you put your kid. Don't let your kid drive until their feet can reach the pedals. Use the right size diapers... for yourself. And- when in doubt- make funny faces.
I also think if you're an actor and you can improvise- when you go on an audition and you can improvise you're just a genius. If you can- you know- take a Tide commercial and you can just say one funny line that's not in the commercial they think you're a genius.
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation-' and they each think the show is for them- which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.
There's something so romantic about being broke in New York. You gotta do it. You have to live there once without any money- and then you have to live there when you have money. Let me tell you- of the two- the latter is far better.
When I had a job catering- I catered a wedding for the Smashing Pumpkins bassist in Indiana. And I served Billy Corgan shrimp off a tray.
I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me- bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading.
In a recent Valentine's Day posting on her fan website- Britney Spears says that - oh- who cares?