Each sudden gust of light explains itself as flames- but neither they- nor even bombs redoubled on the hills tonight can quite include me in their fear.
I like eating out. I like buying beautiful paintings and being surrounded by beautiful things. I have to finance that life. I can barely afford a pension scheme because I don't make enough money.
I deeply adored my mum. She was an extraordinary person- even for the prejudice I'm likely to have. She was beautiful- amusing- a tremendous elaborator of things into comic proportions and extravagant in her imagination.
While also- importantly- not wanting to dumb it down or pretend the days of 'difficult' poetry are over- because we live in a pluralist culture and there's room for 'difficult' poetry alongside rap and everything else. And poetry won't be for everyone- but everyone should have the choice.
Those who say we should dismantle the role of Poet Laureate altogether- the trick they miss is that being called this thing- with the weight of tradition behind it- and with the association of the Royal family- does allow you to have conversations and to open doors- and wallets- for the good of poetry in a way that nothing else would allow.
Poetry is at the centre of my life- too- emotionally speaking- and intellectually speaking - it's just that I'm one of those people who enjoy doing other stuff as well.
I'm not precisely saying that a really good board meeting at the MLA (Museums- Libraries and Archives Coucil) makes me want to go and write poetry- but there is a pleasure in doing that sort of thing well.
In a general way- I want to be a kind of flag-waver- bunting hanger-up- drum-beater- you name it- for poetry.
Thanks partly to the kind of poets that we now have and partly to funding- there's been a gigantic shift in the way poetry is perceived... Poems on the Underground- poets in schools- football clubs- zoos.
I wanted to reimagine the role- in a way that was respectful of its traditional responsibilities but made them part of a wider pattern of poetry about national incidents- events- preoccupations and to spend a great deal of time going to schools trying to demystify poetry.
More people are reading poetry now than at any time in the history of the human race.