As his partner on this amazing journey- I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.
I am the granddaughter of a Welsh coal miner who was determined that his kids get out of the mines. My dad got his first job when he was six years old- in a little village in Wales called Nantyffyllon- cleaning bottles at the Colliers Arms.
My faith experience- well- as you can imagine- you need a lot of faith to raise five boys.
It's been quite an experience- being conservative and living in the North East.
My faith experience- well- as you can imagine- you need a lot of faith to raise five boys.
I think we recognize as Americans there are certain things that are just primary to the freedoms and liberties that we enjoy here and religious freedom is one of the most important things we as Americans cherish.
That's why I like to get out there- and get people to see the other side of Mitt- and know us in a different reflection when you see the family and how funny he is with the boys and with the grandkids. And you know- just what a super guy he is. That's part of what I am doing- is letting people see the other side of Mitt.
I said tonight I wanted to talk to you about love. Look into your hearts. This is our country. This is our future. These are our children and grandchildren. You can trust Mitt.
I made a choice to stay home and raise five boys. Believe me- it was hard work.
I read somewhere that Mitt and I have a 'storybook marriage.' Well- in the storybooks I read- there were never long- long- rainy winter afternoons in a house with five boys screaming at once. And those storybooks never seemed to have chapters called MS or breast cancer.
Well you know- I think a lot of us in marriage know that you play different roles at different times. And Mitt can get very intense- and I can have the ability to kind of talk him off the rails sometimes and say- 'Hey let's look at what is really important and let's do that now.'
In marriage- it's always that give and take and rebalancing that we have to do in how we can help each other. But- I have been known at times by my sons- that is the name that they call me-the Mitt stabilizer.
It's the moms of this nation - single- married- widowed - who really hold this country together. We're the mothers- we're the wives- we're the grandmothers- we're the big sisters- we're the little sisters- we're the daughters. You know it's true- don't you? You're the ones who always have to do a little more.
We need to respect choices that women make.
As his partner on this amazing journey- I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.
I said tonight I wanted to talk to you about love. Look into your hearts. This is our country. This is our future. These are our children and grandchildren. You can trust Mitt.
I love the fact that there are also women out there that don't have a choice and they must go to work and they still have to raise the kids. Thank goodness that we value those people too.