I started auditioning when I was about 10 and I didn't get my first job until I was 12- and two years at that age is really hard.
My parents got married late and they had kids late- so I never felt a social or cultural thing to be married or pregnant or a homeowner by a certain age.
I'm a pretty big dork. It's crazy. I'm one of those people who grew up with all kinds of musicals- but I was right at that age where 'Rent' was a big deal for me and for my friends.
My parents were really- really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12- I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society-' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
My parents were really- really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12- I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society-' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish.
I think a gentleman is someone who holds the comfort of other people above their own. The instinct to do that is inside every good man- I believe. The rules about opening doors and buying dinner and all of that other 'gentleman' stuff is a chess game- especially these days.
To not be self-conscious of your appearance is huge- and something that I desperately hope to carry into film at some point in my useless life - to not be thinking- 'My ear looks weird from this angle- why is the camera over there?'
I feel like I'm still learning a lot. I think there's a tendency for people who are just doing their first couple of films that I see now where they seem to be really resentful of the technical limitations that come along with filmmaking.
I filmed seven movies in 2011 and I think that was a mistake. I pushed myself too hard and I want to be able to come to work each day and give 100 percent. I guess I found out what my boundaries are.
I'm into 'The Walking Dead-' 'Shaun of the Dead-' obviously- and I've seen all the Romero movies. I am a classic zombie queen. And I love the White Walkers on 'Game of Thrones.' Weirdly- it wasn't until pretty late in life that I found my entry point into horror films.
When I get recognized for 'Twilight-' it's usually a teenage girl- and they're usually really loud. So it certainly feels like I get recognized the most from that- but it could just be because of the nature of how vocal those fans are.
I like figuring out where I need to be mentally so that I'm not thinking about the camera and that it's second nature. I want to get to a place where I can exist within the confines of what you can do with filmmaking and not have to think about it.
'Rocket Science' is really where I fell in love with filmmaking- I think 'Camp' was incredible- but it was so bizarre- and I was trying to find my footing in this world where you don't have an audience for immediate validation.
My parents were really- really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12- I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society-' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
I guess as long as people think of me for different ages- I'll trust their opinion. I remember noticing one year that Michelle Monaghan played 34 and 19- so I've kind of clung to that as my justification that I can be Jake Gyllenhaal's wife and a freshman in college in the same year.
People like to make fun of the fans who camp out but people have renaissance fairs people do Civil War re-enactments people do what they like. I'm tired of hearing people rage on the fans. If you don't like 'Twilight-' don't buy a ticket.