If bad things are going to be said about me- I have to bear that. If I don't understand that it's part of being in show business- then I'd better go work in a bank.
Cats are very independent animals. They're very sexy- if you want. Dogs are different. They're familiar. They're obedient. You call a cat- you go- 'Cat- come here.' He doesn't come to you unless you have something in your hand that he thinks might be food. They're very free animals- and I like that.
I often feel very guilty because of the time that I spend outside of my home and the little time that sometimes I have for my kids.
I have a fantastic studio in my home- and it's my biggest toy. I have about a half a million dollars worth of musical equipment in my house.
I love the diversity of America. I love the plain- normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked- like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.
I used to be scared of women. When I was very young they terrified me- but discovering the female universe was incredible and still is to this day- as you never stop learning about them.
It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then.
One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore.
I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China- which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive- but I get it on the Web.
I do yoga every morning- then I run for half an hour and take a sauna.
Sometimes I have wrinkles- in the morning. It depends on what kind of night that I had. I accept myself and the way that I am growing older. I have eye bags and some people have proposed to me to take them out but I said no.
I wake up every morning- look in the mirror and ask- 'Am I a sex symbol?' Then I go back to bed again. It's stupid to think that way.
There are some movies that I would like to forget- for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things.
Making movies is difficult and you get disorientated sometimes - even when you're working with fantastic talent.
I've done many different movies in many different contexts.
Listen- I think movies serve many different purposes- from those movies that are frivolous and just an entertainment- to movies that just go to exploring the complexities of the human soul. Everything is valid if it's done with honesty and dignity- and I actually do both of those types of movies in my career.
I cry a lot- you know. Which is very difficult for a man to recognise- but I do. I cry in movies- you know- just watching movies.
There are some movies that I would like to forget- for the rest of my life - really! But even those movies that I'd like to forget teach me things.
I get caught up in my bubble of reading- writing- or music.
Picasso is a character that has pursued me for a long time and I always rejected. He deserves a lot of respect because I am from Malaga- and I was born four blocks from where he was born.
I think I'm a romantic person- yeah.
We are now integrated into American society and I don't like the word fashionable- because fashionable means that it's going to pass. It's not like that anymore.
I wouldn't want my daughters to date a guy like me. I was dangerous around women in my twenties. I'm terrified that they might end up with someone like me.