We learn about life not from plusses alone- but from minuses as well.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.
No matter how corrupt and unjust a convict may be- he loves fairness more than anything else. If the people placed over him are unfair- from year to year he lapses into an embittered state characterized by an extreme lack of faith.
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.
Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is- in fact- a talent: you must be born with it.
The thirst for powerful sensations takes the upper hand both over fear and over compassion for the grief of others.
Love- friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
One must be a god to be able to tell successes from failures without making a mistake.
To judge between good or bad- between successful and unsuccessful would take the eye of a God.
Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness- and only what is useless is pleasurable.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress when I get tired of one- I spend the night with the other.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you- whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Money- like vodka- turns a person into an eccentric.
When an actor has money he doesn't send letters- he sends telegrams.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare- and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels- we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Love- friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare- and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.