I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel- I think- has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.
As one who participated in all the wars of the state of Israel- I saw the horror of wars. I saw the fear of wars. I saw my best friends being killed in battles. I was seriously injured twice.
The ongoing conflict between us has caused heavy suffering to both peoples. The future can and must be different. Both our peoples are destined to live together side by side- on this small piece of land. This reality we cannot change.
But there's one thing we are not going to compromise at all: when it comes to security of Israeli citizens and the State of Israel- there are not going to be any compromises - not now and not in the future.
To the citizens of Israel- I say: we have passed difficult years- faced the most painful experiences and overcame them. The future lies before us. We are required to take difficult and controversial steps- but we must not miss the opportunity to try to achieve what we have wished for- for so many years: security- tranquillity and peace.
We extend our hand towards peace. Our people are committed to peace. We know that peace entails painful compromise for both sides.
Like all Israelis- I yearn for peace. I see the utmost importance in taking all possible steps that will lead to a solution of the conflict with the Palestinians.
For me- peace should provide security to the Jewish people.
Peace should provide security. It should be durable. I'm ready to go far in making painful concessions. But there is one thing I will never make any concessions on and that's the security of the Israeli citizens and the very existence of the state of Israel. The Palestinians are losing time.
I am 73 years old. I've seen everything. I've met the kings- the queens- the presidents- I've been around the world. I have one thing that I would like to do: to try to reach peace.
To the citizens of Israel- I say: we have passed difficult years- faced the most painful experiences and overcame them. The future lies before us. We are required to take difficult and controversial steps- but we must not miss the opportunity to try to achieve what we have wished for- for so many years: security- tranquillity and peace.
If there will be a serious Palestinian prime minister who makes a 100 percent effort to end terrorism- then we can have peace. Each side has to take steps. If terror continues- there will not be an independent Palestinian state. Israel will not accept it- if terror continues.
I don't think I have accomplished what I still have to accomplish. There is one thing that I would like to do- and that's to bring security and peace to the Jewish people.
To our Palestinian neighbours- I assure you that we have a genuine intention to respect your right to live independently and in dignity. I have already said that Israel has no desire to continue to govern over you and control your fate.
The sad and horrible conclusion is that no one cared that Jews were being murdered... This is the Jewish lesson of the Holocaust and this is the lesson which Auschwitz taught us.
I was born on a farm. My strength has nothing to do with political apparatus. I get my strength from nature- from flowers.
My strength never came from political echelons- it came from the family. And from the fields and the lands and the flowers and everything I see there. My strength came from there.
The strength that I have comes from irrigating the citrus plantation- ploughing in the vineyard- guarding the melon fields at night. I believe that's what gave me the strength.