When the students are occupied- they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment.
Strong advocacy for education- health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
I do come from a strong family.
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.
The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.
I am very much opposed to abortion personally. But I don't think it is the government's rule.
People in government and public life are being kicked around at a high rate of speed.
There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset.
I am opposed to anybody making a decision for you or me or anybody else about what health care plan we should have.
Strong advocacy for education- health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
If you are going to have to play defense all the time- you cannot have the kind of ingenuity- assertiveness- independence- and intelligence which is what has made our country strong.
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.
Big money is ruining the political system.
My mother- Lillie Specter- was an angel and totally uninterested in politics.
Pennsylvania is a very tough state people don't last long in Pennsylvania politics.
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
There is no higher value in our society than integrity.
But one way or another- judges perform a very vital function in our society. They have a risky job and they are entitled to security.
Americans' addiction to sports- with the NFL at the top- is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes.
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man- a great role model.
American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts- whether committed by foe or friend.
If we had pursued what President Nixon declared in 1970 as the war on cancer- we would have cured many strains. I think Jack Kemp would be alive today. And that research has saved or prolonged many lives- including mine.
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man- a great role model.