To the man who loves art for its own sake- it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived.
I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic- and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
For strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself- which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.
Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance- therefore- not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge.
His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge.
We can't command our love- but we can our actions.
Our ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature.
Once you eliminate the impossible- whatever remains- no matter how improbable- must be the truth.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
When you have eliminated the impossible- whatever remains- however improbable- must be the truth.
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible- whatever remains- however improbable- must be the truth.
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible- whatever remains- however improbable- must be the truth?
Violence does- in truth- recoil upon the violent- and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
We can't command our love- but we can our actions.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Women are naturally secretive- and they like to do their own secreting.
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems- give me work- give me the most abstruse cryptogram- or the most intricate analysis- and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.