When I was little- I saw the play 'Les Miserables' on Broadway- I thought it was the most amazing thing I have ever seen.
I grew up in the business since I was three years old so I've always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what- I just loved it.
I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
Communication is so key.
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia- California- so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.
My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.
I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert- but it's always nice to share that with your friends.
I don't really believe in rules- but I do like old-fashioned dating where you don't call the guy until he calls you. I don't think it's like he's got to do this and that's the rule.
I'm living out my dreams and I love what I do.
Producing is just a big learning experience.
I text a lot people- because it's how I stay connected with all my family and friends when I'm on set and traveling.
My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia- California- so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear.
I'd love to do more action stuff- in the future.
I love being home at Christmastime.
I hope to inspire people- influence people.
Producing is just a big learning experience.
I don't drink- and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom.
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
Once in high school- I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed.
The 'believe' tattoo is because my mom always told me to believe.
My mom is very confident and she was always a role model of mine.
I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got- but at the end of the day- I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies.
I can't watch scary movies right now- because living on my own- it kind of freaks me out.
I feel like every project I've ever done has had music involved in it somehow.
I've loved Michael Jackson- his music- his music videos.
I want to be with someone who wants to work as much as I do and who respects me like I respect him.
Cheerleaders deserve a lot of respect for what they do.
I'm a big romantic- so I love guys who are romantic too.
My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.
I love Christmas- not just because of the presents but because of all the decorations and lights and the warmth of the season.