It seems to me I spent my life in car pools- but you know- that's how I kept track of what was going on.
The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face- and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time.
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
To us- family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family- friends- and coworkers- and even strangers you meet along the way.
It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen- but it's a family thing- and I guess it's clean.
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.
You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial- that would not really cost the government a lot of money.
My health is very good.
Well- look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home- unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind- gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler.
Life has changed enormously- and I hope - I hope more people read good things.
At the end of your life- you will never regret not having passed one more test- not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband- a friend- a child- or a parent.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children- they just about throw up.
I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time.
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial- that would not really cost the government a lot of money.
I'm worried about parents who aren't parenting.
You may think the president is all-powerful- but he is not. He needs a lot of guidance from the Lord.
Nobody likes- you know- the ugly parts of politics.
The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream- not society's dream- her own personal dream.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family- friends- and coworkers- and even strangers you meet along the way.
At the end of your life- you will never regret not having passed one more test- not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband- a friend- a child- or a parent.
Raising five boys is a handful- trust me.
Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds- why- you are going to do that.
I'm not a competitive person- and I think women like me because they don't think I'm competitive- just nice.
Suddenly women's lib had made me feel my life had been wasted.