My mother taught public school- went to Harvard and then got her master's there and taught fifth and sixth grade in a public school. My dad had a more working-class lifestyle. He didn't go to college. He was an auto mechanic and a bartender and a janitor at Harvard.
Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart- Pam Anderson- and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.
I'm much more interested in what an actor has to say about something substantial and important than who they're dating or what clothes they're wearing or some other asinine- insignificant aspect of their life.
Sure- I suffered a lot. But it's not like the end of the world and it's not who I am. I lead quite a pleasant life and I'm able to divorce a perceived reality from my actual experience of life.
I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
I grew up in a home environment where I wasn't getting esteem for anything I did.
I'm not the type of guy who enjoys one-night stands. It leaves me feeling very empty and cynical. It's not even fun sexually. I need to feel something for the woman and entertain the vain hope that it may lead to a relationship.
I've finally learnt how to say- 'No comment'. To appear in the tabloids is a real learning curve and a steep one at that. You had better learn quick or you get burnt.
Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people- knock yourselves out!
My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old- and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating.
There is nothing worse that a thirteen-year-old boy. You're embarrassed by your parents- and you're trying to find your independance because- deep inside- you are so dependent on your mom.
A friend of my mom's was a casting director so- really as kind of a lark- I had a couple of acting jobs that had just enough exposure to give me the option to continue if I wanted to. I followed through with it.
But when I felt like I had something to prove? Then I got up early every morning and worked all day long. I didn't know if I had any more talent than anyone else directing- but I knew I could work hard at it- and so I did.
Yes- I'm going to be the President of the United States. You know why? You think you can get chicks by being in the movies? You can really get chicks by being the President.
I kinda see my current position like this: Here's your five minutes in the toy store- so you gotta do all the good movies you can before 'Chuck Woolery' rings the bell.
The one benefit of having done all kinds of movies as an actor is- you learn the pros and cons of being tempted to do a really big movie because it costs a lot of money.
You're basically the sum of all the experiences you've ever had- and they're sort of shaken up in you and reproduced in the things you create- and that includes seeing movies.
Not that it entirely matters: There is a perception that all actors make their movies. A lot of people assume you're responsible. George Clooney told me actors get all of the blame and all the credit.
My movies are unadorned- they're not particularly fancy- I think they're kind of workmanlike in some ways- focusing on the writing and the acting.
I knew I had to get out of Boston and stop making movies there- at least for one movie- otherwise no one would ever consider me for a movie that took place south of Providence.
I've never held myself up particularly high when I had movies that worked- and I never held myself all that low when I had failures.
I'm not the type of guy who enjoys one-night stands. It leaves me feeling very empty and cynical. It's not even fun sexually. I need to feel something for the woman and entertain the vain hope that it may lead to a relationship.
There's something really great and romantic about being poor and sleeping on couches.
All I do- really- is go to work and try to be professional- be on time and be prepared.