You don't have people chanting 'Death to America' in Israel.
The purpose of the Jewish state is to secure the Jewish future. That is why Israel must always have the ability to defend itself- against any threat.
The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace- both in words and deeds. By contrast- the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years.
There is a fundamental situation in which the country has reached rock bottom- that a mother can't send her children out of the house in the morning. The country has reached rock bottom and this needs to be changed.
I can tell you one thing- Iran is closer to developing nuclear weapons today than it was a week ago- or a month ago or a year ago. It's just moving on with its efforts.
I think that a strong Israel is the only Israel that will bring the Arabs to the peace table.
I think that peace will require two states- a Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state.
Peace is purchased from strength. It's not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats.
The Palestinians want a state- but they have to give peace in return. What they're trying to do in the United Nations is to get a state without giving Israel peace or giving Israel peace and security. And I think that's- that's wrong. That should not succeed. That should- that should fail.
The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace- both in words and deeds. By contrast- the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years.
You know- I said in the U.N.- I said to President Abbas- 'Look- we're in the same city- we're in the same building- for God's sake- the U.N. Let's just sit down and begin to talk peace.'
Why are we talking about talking? Why negotiating about negotiating? It's very simple. If you want to get to peace- put all your preconditions on the side- sit down opposite a table- not in a studio- by the way.
You know- I think- I think the Palestinians are trying to get away without negotiating. They're trying to get a state to continue the conflict with Israel rather than to end it. They're trying to basically detour around peace negotiations by going to the U.N. and have the automatic majority in the U.N. General Assembly give them- give them a state.
I say that to my colleagues- by the way- in the internal Cabinet meetings- I say- 'Look- I want to be very clear about what I want.' I just - I don't want a peace process- I want a peace result.
You can only end a negotiation for peace if you begin it.
Most of the approaches to peace between Israel and the Palestinians- have been directed at trying to resolve the most complex problems- like refugees and Jerusalem- which is akin to building the pyramid from the top down.
You know- I'm just not going to get into American politics.
I will say that I think Israel enjoys strong bipartisan support in the United States. It's really above and beyond American politics.
The relationship between Israel and the United States is a bond of - it's just a very powerful bond. It was- it is- and will be and will continue to be.
The right combination is between a free economy and social policy that addresses the needs of society and creates equal opportunity.
Peace is purchased from strength. It's not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats.