I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30- oh- I'm 40- oh- 50.' Make the most of it.
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.
I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30- oh- I'm 40- oh- 50.' Make the most of it.
I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple.
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
I always wanted to be a zookeeper when I was growing up- and I've wound up a zookeeper! I've been working with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years! I'm the luckiest old broad on two feet because my life is divided absolutely in half - half animals and half show business. You can't ask for better than two things you love the most.
I am interested in a lot of things - not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in what's going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I don't have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I don't sit and vegetate.
I cannot stand the people who get wonderful starts in show business and who abuse it. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen- for example- although there are plenty of others- too. They are the most blessed people in the world- and they don't appreciate it.
My mother and dad were big animal lovers- too. I just don't know how I would have lived without animals around me. I'm fascinated by them - both domestic pets and the wild community. They just are the most interesting things in the world to me- and it's made such a difference in my lifetime.
During the Depression- my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios- so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard- and he cared for the dogs.
If you get into a Broadway show and it doesn't work- you're a failure. And if it does work- you may be stuck for who knows how long. It just doesn't sound great to me!
I enjoy being busy- I really do. Remember- I'm the stub end of the railroad. I have no family- so I'm not taking busy time away from people that I should be spending it with. So I'm just relaxing and enjoying it.
It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime- and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.
Well- I mean- if a joke or humor is bawdy- it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.
I'm not into animal rights. I'm only into animal welfare and health. I've been with the Morris Animal Foundation since the '70s. We're a health organization. We fund campaign health studies for dogs- cats- lizards and wildlife. I've worked with the L.A. Zoo for about the same length of time. I get my animal fixes!
Wendy Malick and Valerie Bertinelli make fun of me- but I take care of my health - I don't abuse it.
The bottom line is- I'm blessed with good health. On top of that- I don't go around thinking 'Oh- I'm 90- I better do this or I better do that.' I'm just Betty. I'm the same Betty that I've always been. Take it or leave it.
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously- pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.
Well- I mean- if a joke or humor is bawdy- it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor- but not dirty humor.
During the Depression- my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios- so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard- and he cared for the dogs.
It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime- and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.
I'm a big cockeyed optimist. I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative.
I'm not what you might call sexy- but I'm romantic. Let's put it that way.
I kid around a lot- but pranks are not my best strength!
I think older women still have a full life.