My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone- that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.
Even if the chef has a good business head- his focus should be behind kitchen doors. A business partner should take care of everything in front of the kitchen doors.
I want to go to college and go back to Georgetown. It's a really cool place.
I think a lot of times people design restaurants with flash in mind. I think you should design restaurants with function in mind. Make sure it's functional and works with what you're trying to accomplish. Design can come later.
For me- it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet- like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.
I can't be on the cheeseburger diet all the time.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone- that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.
Habaneros have a great fruity flavor- but the challenge is that you have to deflect the heat in order to taste the flavor. If you don't- you're dead. They should really have a warning sign on them. Deflect the habanero's heat by pairing it with sweet food.
If my daughter wants to get into this business- I would support that decision. She's going to have a hard time not being in it. She loves food and she's around it all the time.
For me- it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet- like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.
When I go to a restaurant- I eat three-quarters of the food in front of me. That cuts my calorie intake by 25 percent.
'The Food Network' was just starting in New York- and I was getting lots of attention from Mesa Grill. They had no money- so if you couldn't get there by subway- you couldn't be on. It wasn't like TV was something I really wanted to do - but I knew it would be great publicity for my restaurants.
I wasn't passionate about food until I'd been cooking for a while. I started long before food became part of the mainstream media. I just wanted to cook- period.
Nobody believed the 'Food Network' could last. Even I was short sighted and thought to myself- 24 hours of food on TV? They'll run out of things to talk about in four days! But that wasn't true. 'Food Network' continues to get better and evolve.
Don't try to be the next Rachael Ray or Bobby Flay- we already have those people. We want someone who is going to make their own mark on 'Food Network.'
Basically- there are two things we know: Everybody has less time- and the general public is demanding better food - better in terms of quality and better in terms of flavor.
I think cookies are sort of the unsung sweet- you know? They're incredibly popular. But everybody thinks of cakes and pies and fancier desserts before they think cookies. A plate of cookies is a great way to end dinner and really nice to share at the holidays.
I don't have a long family history of good cooks in my family.
Obviously- the easiest recipes are the most successful when it comes to the home cook- because they're not intimidated by them. If I'm doing 'Boy Meets Grill-' and I do something very simple like grilled hamburgers or steaks or chicken- those are the most sought-after recipes.
I can't grill vegetables- shellfish or steaks without tongs. Don't bother with those long-handled grilling tongs normally found in the BBQ section of your home store. Get intimate with your grill and opt for the regular stainless steel tongs.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone- that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.