I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people- beautiful beaches- great wine- wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.
I'd kind of like to have a classic old muscle car. I think that would be fun.
Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who- so it is important to be yourself.
I've tried just about every crazy diet you can imagine.
I really believe in the environmental movement right now - it only takes a little effort to make a big difference.
I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once.
I always loved family holidays- and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.
I think with motherhood and child-rearing in general- everyone's going to tell you how to do it and why. I've always said to other mothers and women when they've asked me- that you have to find your own way and find out what works for your family- at all costs.
Hey- we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!
I do a lot of sexy publicity- but I have yet to have any bad experiences regarding jealousy.
I think I'm a really hands-on mom.
When I was a new mom- I used to think that life was going to be balanced- and I strived for that. But life is crazy!
I'm not a morning person. I'm really not.
I find peace anywhere I go. It depends on what is within the walls of my own home.
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people- beautiful beaches- great wine- wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.
Latin men are the most passionate men in the world - they may not be the most aggressive- but they are very passionate- very romantic.
The truth is- if anyone saw my home life- I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown!