In this business you have to develop a thick skin- but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.
The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career- because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.
I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day- which can change the course of your year- which can change who you are.
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend.
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.
Faith Hill is a big role model.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
I have this fear of falling in front of large groups of people. That's why I tend not to wear heels.
All you need to do to be my friend is like me.
I remember straightening my hair because I wanted to be like everybody else- and now the fact that anybody would emulate what I do? It's just funny.
I haven't had that one great love- which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future.
I haven't had that one great love- which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future.
I have this really high priority on happiness and finding something to be happy about.
My mom and I have always been really close. She's always been the friend that was always there. There were times when- in middle school and junior high- I didn't have a lot of friends. But my mom was always my friend. Always.
For everything I do- I think about a 6-year-old girl and her mom that I saw at my concert last night. I think about what those two individuals would think if I were at a club last night. I never want to be arrested- and I never want to get a DUI- those are my moral values.
What makes me happy is just curling up in with my mom in her bed and watching a marathon of 'CSI' and 'Grey's Anatomy' episodes with pints of ice cream.
A development deal is where they're giving you recording time and money to record- but not promising that they'll put an album out.
People haven't always been there for me- but music always has.
I would love to continue in music- with writing... but I am not the kind of person who will hang around if I start to become irrelevant. If that happens- I will bow down gracefully- raise my kids- and have a garden. And I am going to let my hair go gray when I am older. I don't need to be blonde when I'm 60!
I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals- and fairs- and karaoke contests- and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.
Music is my shining light- my favorite thing in the world. T get me to stop doing it for one second would be difficult!
For me- great music doesn't just have to fall into one category or one genre and I love appreciating all kinds of music.
I don't think I'd ever make an album of just covers because I love writing my own music.
The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career- because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.
In this business you have to develop a thick skin- but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.
In a relationship each person should support the other they should lift each other up.
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
When I'm getting to know someone- I look for someone who has passions that I respect- like his career. Someone who loves what he does is really attractive.
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.
I approach love differently now that I know it's hard for it to work out.